welcome to the man of recaps this is the
walking dead season 10 episode 18.
jump on your motorcycle and grab your
crossbow it's a daryl episode
and daryl's not alone it's the best duo
in the show it's dog
yeah oh and uh carol's coming along too
they're taking a motorcycle ride to go
look for supplies or whatever
which means yes this is another episode
of mostly two characters walking around
the woods with all their setbacks
recently the kingdom and hilltop
destroyed alexandria in bad shape carol
asks if their luck has run out but
daryl's like nah he's got optimism
they'll fix it
now dog smells something and runs off
leads them to a dilapidated cabin in the
woods but turns out
daryl and dog have been here before
who's this woman it's a flashback
episode yes let's go back to the
beginning of the time jump when daryl
was out in the wilderness searching for
rick grimes
a years past and he hasn't found a trace
of rick but he does find a little puppy
dog
oh the dog runs away for now mama bear
carol's bringing him care packages and
one night during his storm his map of
where he's searched already is washed
away and he has a breakdown but then the
rain pours down upon him symbolic of
whatever anyway a whole year later he
meets a grown-up dog and this time he
takes him back to that cabin in the
woods but it's not empty well there's a
woman living here per usual zombie
apocalypse rules she has to time up for
a bit she's eventually convinced he's a
good guy and lets him go and over the
course of the next few years they have a
really drawn out romance seeing each
other like once every eight months daryl
takes a move out of carl's playbook when
he hid with enid from the zombies
in the tree they had to get real close
together then he invents his own
courtship move or he just throws a fish
at her door
daryl i'm not sure that one's a winner
they both want to be hermits on their
own but eventually they decide let's be
hermits together and so for like 10
months they're having a beautiful
romance it's a great time
uh she's got some sob story about how
her son died but actually it was her
sister's son but actually it wasn't her
sister it was her friend so
eventually they have a big fight though
because daryl still goes out every day
searching the river for rick grimes
she's like yo do you belong out there or
do you belong here with me and he's like
nah i belong out there but a little
while later he realizes he made a huge
mistake and goes back to find her but oh
no the cabin's vacant now
he leaves her a note i belong with you
and he takes dog to go look for her but
just like rick she's vanished without a
trace so back in the present he was
telling carol this whole story and she's
like hey man it wasn't your fault but
now it's daryl's been kind of a dick
like yo it's your fault connie got
trapped in the mine and she's like yeah
i know i apologized but daryl's real mad
at her and he's like yo i don't want to
be friends with you anymore maybe it's
my fault i have no emotional depth and i
don't understand what they're fighting
about or maybe the writers are just
forcing these two to fight to add drama
because nothing else is really going on
right now either way it's awkward now
cause they're in the middle of nowhere
and he was her ride and nighttime's
coming so even though they just had a
huge fight they gotta have a sleepover
here together will they fight even more
will they make up will they hook up
find out next time on the walking dead
if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you loved
this recap check out the join button and
support the channel as a member